Disclaimer of Warranties and Liability. You acknowledge that the individual
providing and/or licensing this software is doing so in his or her
individual capacity, and that no past or present employer of such
individual has any role whatsoever in making this software available to
you. You expressly acknowledge that you must look solely to the individual
providing and/or licensing this software, and not to his or her past or
present employer, for any warranties, support, maintenance, upgrades,
modifications, new releases, or remedies in respect of your use of such
software. NO PAST OR PRESENT EMPLOYER OF THE INDIVIDUAL PROVIDING AND/OR
LICENSING THIS SOFTWARE MAKES ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS,
IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE,

WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE, AND ALL SUCH WARRANTIES ARE EXPRESSLY
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT WILL ANY PAST OR PRESENT EMPLOYER OF THE INDIVIDUAL
PROVIDING AND/OR LICENSING THIS SOFTWARE BE LIABLE TO YOU UNDER ANY LEGAL
OR EQUITABLE THEORY IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE, INCLUDING FOR ANY USE,
INTERRUPTION, DELAY, OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, OR FOR PERSONAL
INJURY, OR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS,
CORRUPTION OR LOSS OF DATA, FAILURE TO TRANSMIT OR RECEIVE ANY DATA,
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING
OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, HOWEVER
CAUSED. You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the past and
present employers of the individual providing and/or licensing this
software and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents,
affiliates, successors, and assigns from and against any and all losses,
damages, liabilities, or costs (including attorneysâ€™ fees) resulting from
any claim, suit, action, or proceeding based on your use of the
software. The past and present employers of the individual providing and/or
licensing this software, and their respective officers, directors,
employees, agents, affiliates, successors, and assigns, are express third
party beneficiaries of this agreement with the right to enforce its terms.
